First PR on nf-core (#53)
nf-core/genomeqc: README.md

## Introduction

> **ecoflow/genomeqc** is a bioinformatics pipeline that compares the quality of multiple genomes, along with their annotations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**nf-core/genomeqc** is a bioinformatics pipeline that compares the quality of multiple genomes, along with their annotations.
```

The pipeline takes a list of genomes and annotations (from raw files or Refseq IDs), and runs commonly used tools to assess their quality.

There are three different ways you can run this pipeline:
 1. Genome only
 2. Annotation only
 3. Genome and Annotation.

> **Currently, only Genome plus Annotation is functional**

Reviewer: I do not understand the comment. Does that mean, that 1. and 2. do not work? Then I would not mention them here at all and just add those back in when you open a PR that fixes those.

Reviewer 2: I will remve any mentions of annotation only. Both genome only and genome and annotation modes are functional.

2. Describes genome assembly:
   1. [BUSCO](https://busco.ezlab.org/): Evaluates genome completeness based on **single copy markers**.
   2. **BUSCO Ideogram**: Plots the location of markers on the assembly.
   3. [Merqury](https://github.com/marbl/merqury) (optional): Evaluates genome completeness based on sequencing reads.
   4. [tidk](https://github.com/tolkit/telomeric-identifier) (optional): Indetifies and visualises telomeric repeats.
   5. [QUAST](https://github.com/ablab/quast): Computes contiguity and integrity statistics: N50, N90, GC%, number of sequences.
   6. More options...
3. Describes annotation : 
   1. [AGAT](https://agat.readthedocs.io/en/latest/): Number of genes, features, length...
   2. **Gene Overlaps**: Finds the number of overlapping genes.
   3. More options...
5. Extracts longest protein isoform: [GffRead](https://github.com/gpertea/gffread).
6. Finds orthologous genes: [Orthofinder](https://github.com/davidemms/OrthoFinder).
7. Plots an orthology-based phylogenetic tree : **Tee Summary**, as well as other relevant stats from the above steps.
8. Summary with [MultiQC](http://multiqc.info).

> **2. Genome Only (in development):**
> 1. Downloads the genome files from NCBI: [NCBI genome download](https://github.com/kblin/ncbi-genome-download) - Or you provide your own genomes
> 2. Describes genome assembly:
>    1. [BUSCO](https://busco.ezlab.org/): Evaluates genome completeness based on **single copy markers**.
>    2. **BUSCO Ideogram**: Plots the location of markers on the assembly.
>    3. [tidk](https://github.com/tolkit/telomeric-identifier) (optional): Indetfies and visualises telomeric repeats.
>    3. [QUAST](https://github.com/ablab/quast): Computes contiguity and integrity statistics: N50, N90, GC%, number of sequences.
> 3. Summary with [MultiQC](http://multiqc.info).
> 
> **3. Annnotation Only (in development):**
> 1. Downloads the gene annotation files from NCBI: [NCBI genome download](https://github.com/kblin/ncbi-genome-download) - Or you provide your own annotations.
> 2. Describes your annotation : [AGAT](https://agat.readthedocs.io/en/latest/): Gene, feature, length, averages, counts.
> 3. Summary with [MultiQC](http://multiqc.info).
> 

Reviewer: See comment above. Its nice to have a mention here that they are in development but I would remove the specifics (they might change along the development anyways).
```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> Genome Only and Annnotation Only modes are currently in development.
```

Macaca_mulatta,GCF_003339765.1,,,
```

### Run the pipeline

<!--
You can mix the two input types **(in development)**.
-->

Run the pipeline using:

```bash
nextflow run nf-core/genomeqc \
   -profile <docker/singularity/.../institute> \
   --input samplesheet.csv \
   --outdir <OUTDIR>
```

You can run the pipeline using a test profile and docker:

```bash
nextflow run nf-core/genomeqc -profile docker --outdir ./results
```

<!-- TODO nf-core: update the following command to include all required parameters for a minimal example -->

> [!WARNING]
> Please provide pipeline parameters via the CLI or Nextflow `-params-file` option. Custom config files including those provided by the `-c` Nextflow option can be used to provide any configuration _**except for parameters**_;
> see [docs](https://nf-co.re/usage/configuration#custom-configuration-files).

## Pipeline output

To see the results of an example test run with a full size dataset refer to the [results](https://nf-co.re/genomeqc/results) tab on the nf-core website pipeline page.
For more details about the output files and reports, please refer to the
[output documentation](https://nf-co.re/genomeqc/output).

## Credits

> ecoflow/genomeqc was originally written by [Chris Wyatt](https://github.com/chriswyatt1) and [Fernando Duarte](https://github.com/FernandoDuarteF) at the University College London.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
nf-core/genomeqc was originally written by [Chris Wyatt](https://github.com/chriswyatt1) and [Fernando Duarte](https://github.com/FernandoDuarteF) at the University College London.
```

> Philip Ewels, Alexander Peltzer, Sven Fillinger, Harshil Patel, Johannes Alneberg, Andreas Wilm, Maxime Ulysse Garcia, Paolo Di Tommaso & Sven Nahnsen.
>
> _Nat Biotechnol._ 2020 Feb 13. doi: [10.1038/s41587-020-0439-x](https://dx.doi.org/10.1038/s41587-020-0439-x).

> python  app/downloader-utility.py --clade "Chordata" --project_name "DToL" --data_status "Mapped Reads - Done" --experiment_type "Chromium genome"  --download_location "/Users/raheela/Documents" --download_option "assemblies" --species_list "Apamea sordens,Bufo bufo"

Reviewer: What is this doing here?

Reviewer 2: Oops, that shouldn't be there :grimacing:.

Reviewer 2: Fixed
